Release 1.0 (#187)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/eks.mdx

Okteto supports Kubernetes versions 1.20 through 1.22.

We recommend the following specs:

- v1.22

> - A pool with at least 3 nodes (4CPUs and 32GBs each)

Reviewer: I think this is a lot, and might scare people away. Do you think we can give guidance based on the expected size of the team?

Reviewer: or maybe give both minimum and recommended ?

Author: I will undo those changes to reduce moving parts in this release. After the release, I would like to keep iterating on installation guides

### Getting your Okteto License

> Okteto is free for small teams. You get all the features of [Okteto](/docs/self-hosted/) for up to 3 users with 3 namespaces each.

Reviewer: I think we should send them to https://okteto.com/free-trial instead, but double check with @bigash42

okteto-ingress-nginx-controller  LoadBalancer   10.0.7.73    a519c8b3b27f94...elb.amazonaws.com   80:30795/TCP,443:32481/TCP,1234:30885/TCP   5m
```

> You'll need to take the `EXTERNAL-IP` address, and add it to your DNS for the domain you have chosen to use. In Route 53, this is done by creating an `A` record with the name `*`, pointing to the alias of the Elastic Load Balancer.

Reviewer: in some parts we call it subdomain, in others we call it domain. we should be consistent.

The output will look something like this:

```
NAME                TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP                           PORT(S)          AGE
okteto-buildkit     LoadBalancer   10.245.142.73   a519c8b3b27f95...elb.amazonaws.com    1234:32449/TCP   5m
```

You'll need to take the `EXTERNAL-IP` address and add it to your DNS for the domain you have chosen to use. This is done by creating an `A` record with the name `buildkit`.

> ## Sign in to your Okteto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sign in to your Okteto instance
```

> > **Important**: The Okteto default installation uses self-signed certificates. We strongly recommend you to reconfigure Okteto to [bring your own certificates](/docs/self-hosted/administration/certificates/) next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: Okteto's default installation uses self-signed certificates. We strongly recommend that you  configure Okteto to [bring your own certificates](/docs/self-hosted/administration/certificates/) before giving your team access to your instance.
```

> You can access your Okteto instance at `https://okteto.SUBDOMAIN`. Your account will be automatically created as you soon as you click the `Login` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access your Okteto instance at `https://okteto.SUBDOMAIN`. Your account will be automatically created as part of the login process. The first user to successfully log into the instance will be automatically assigned the `administrator` role.
```
